[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Andrea
Perron is back with us.
Her family story, featured
in the film, "The Conjuring,"
is now the second-highest
grossing film
in the genre next
to "The Exorcist."
In her new work of fiction,
along with co-writer George
Lopez, they write about
entangling one's self
in a timeline that
doesn't belong to them
with disastrous consequences.
This new book, "In a
Flicker," is challenging.
And this conversation
will reflect some of that
as we go through some really
intense concepts, here,
philosophically.
But before we get to all
of that, first of all, wow.
Your family story
really took off.
And in addition to
that, let's just
talk a little bit
about, first, what
happened with you after that?
Because, as we talked about
last time, a lot of the--
I mean a number of the
events were chronicled,
of your family's experience.
Some were softened.
Some were eliminated.
And so, it was
kind of a combined
story of the Warren's experience
and your family story.
So in response to that, you've
been looking into something.
Let's talk about that for a sec.
>>ANDREA PERRON: Well,
you know, "The Conjuring,"
is a wonderful film
for what it is.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: But it was
impossible for them
to compress 10
years into 2 hours.
There isn't a single
scene in the film
that comes directly
from my books,
"House of Darkness,
House of Light."
And that's all right,
because the films--
and there's a
"Conjuring 2," now, also
based on one other case file--
>>REGINA: Not your
family's though?
>>PERRON: Not my family.
We were the first
one, "The Conjuring."
And then they did the Enfield
poltergeist from England.
And there are further films
slated to come through.
However, there was
a part of me that
was really disappointed that
it wasn't an authentic telling
of our story.
And so, consequently, I
decided to take it upon myself
to begin writing the
screenplays of my three books.
And I have already got
a fabulous director,
a wonderful producer.
It's already out in Hollywood.
The buzz has already begun.
And we are going to
make a trilogy of films
that do tell the genuine story
of what happened to our family
over the course of a decade.
It's coming.
>>REGINA: And for anybody that
hasn't seen our conversations,
we did three conversations,
one on each of these books.
And it is so , complex
so rich in itself.
There was no need to have to
run it through another lens,
to exaggerate or
take away from it.
They were already
amazing stories.
Because when you put
your part into the story,
it becomes
multi-dimensional, and it
has higher purpose and
meaning than just the genre.
Every kid, I say, oh, yeah,
I'm interviewing Andrea Perron.
Her family, their story
was "The Conjuring."
Oh, I love that film.
I mean kids are crazy about it.
But there's something
about the notion of fright.
And we'll talk about that.
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Anyway,
where I was going
with that is I think that
your own stories really
warrant you going back and
doing a complete redo on it.
>>PERRON: Well, I think
it's what's fair for people.
Those who would
only see the movie
and would never even think
of reading the back story,
deserve to have the opportunity
to see it come to life on film
and to have it be
authentically told.
It's just too compelling
a story for it
to be lost in obscurity as the
back story behind the feature
film.
When, in effect, it
wasn't a horror story.
It was essentially a love story.
And that's what
people don't grasp.
And I am one of
the few people that
works in the paranormal that
focuses all my attention not
on the darkness
but on the light.
Because I've seen the
dark side of existence.
And I choose deliberately
to live in the light.
I find our story incredibly
hopeful and inspiring.
And I want to give
that to the world,
too, because we live
in a dualistic world.
We live where there
is darkness and light,
where there is good and evil.
I am a spiritual
warrior for peace.
I am someone-- and that's not
a counterintuitive notion,
by any stretch.
And so the only right
thing for me to do
is to put our story out there--
that's true.
You know "The Conjuring"
is based on a true story.
It was based on the case files
of Ed and Lorraine Warren.
>>REGINA: Yeah, but it
missed a lot of the nuances.
>>PERRON: It got
about 5% of it right.
>>REGINA: And you know, I tell
people about these stories.
Because I've always
been intrigued
with the notion
of time and space,
what is commonly called
parallel timelines.
We don't really, I don't
think, fully understand
what's going on with time and
that it can turn back on itself
and almost compress two or three
times into one space and time.
And I'm just
endlessly fascinated
with what this means.
And one of the stories
that was told in your book
that just I could never
shake from my head.
There were many, but another
one, in particular, too.
I believe it was your mother
was in the dining room looking
at a family, who was
dining in that dining
room, a couple hundred
years before, however
many years before, and the
woman turned and looked
at your mother.
And you think, whose
timeline was that?
Who's the ghost?
>>PERRON: That's exactly right.
Actually, it was a man.
>>REGINA: A man, OK.
>>PERRON: And he nudged
the man beside him.
And they made eye contact.
And they were looking into
the future to see her.
And she was looking into
the past to see them.
And that was the most important
story out of all them.
>>REGINA: I still get chills,
right now, thinking about this.
>>PERRON: Well, because
it was her epiphany.
My mother is a very intelligent,
very pragmatic person.
And what was happening
in that house
was just blowing her mind.
And that was the first time that
it actually made sense to her.
And she realized
that we were existing
in multiple dimensions,
simultaneously,
with the people that
lived in that house
and loved that house.
And they were simply
revisiting to have a meal.
>>REGINA: So that's one thing.
And we're going to get a little
bit into the whole parallel
and time frame subject in
the new book, "In a Flicker."
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And the other thing
that, really, I just found
fascinating, too, is how
beings work between dimensions
and the use of electricity.
And I don't know, was that
book number two or three?
I can't remember now.
It's been a while
since I've read them.
But whichever book it was
that talked about how--
>>PERRON: The first volume.
>>REGINA: When the beings
were coming through,
your electric meter
would start spinning.
And they were draining
massive amounts of electricity
from the house electrical
system to manifest,
which is interesting.
Because it's like they had their
fingers stuck into the socket.
They were just using the energy
present to be able to manifest
into this dimension, to be able
to have physical interaction.
>>PERRON: And they weren't
just stealing the electricity.
There were months that our
electric bill was higher
than the mortgage.
And then there would be
a massive manifestation.
And then it would drop to
$10, the next month just drop.
And in fact, one of
the meter readers
that came out, when he saw the
meter spinning, he freaked.
He ran off the property,
jumped in his truck, and left.
He said this isn't possible.
>>REGINA: Yeah, right.
Well, and if he'd heard
tales about your family,
he knew to jump in and go
away, don't ask any questions.
>>PERRON: But they
drained us, as well.
Think about five prepubescent
children, little girls
running around that house.
We were a bunch of tomboys.
The energy levels from all
of us were through the roof.
And there were incidents, like
when my sister walked right
through the operation, and
then was completely drained.
I've had incidents
like that myself.
I had an incident, a
couple of years ago,
where I went to St. Augustine,
which is one of the most
haunted cities in the world.
And I was unprepared.
And I was unprotected.
I thought I was just going to
do a book signing and a lecture.
And I stepped away from
the table for a few moments
and went into an alcove.
And I was standing there
admiring a beautiful banana
tree at Ripley's Believe
It or Not Museum.
And I heard a little
girl behind me.
And she said, mom,
look at that lady.
Look at all the lights
around that lady.
And I turned around to see what
lady she was talking about,
and it was me.
And her mother's eyes were
as big as dinner platters.
And she grabbed her child
and dragged her away from me.
And 15 minutes later, I
had to be loaded into a car
and taken home.
I had to miss all the rest
of my obligations that day.
I apologized to the manager.
And my father basically
said, she's not feeling well.
Well, I had no energy
left in my body.
And he took me home.
And I slept for
18 hours straight,
before I could recover.
>>REGINA: It is fascinating.
I mean, if we could see,
in living color-- you can.
Most people can't watch, in
living color, in the other,
less dense forms of our reality,
how these processes take place.
Again, I find it fascinating,
because electricity
works between dimensions.
I mean this is something that
physicists have not really
grokked yet.
But you, so simply telling
your tale, are proof of that.
I have had that happen, too.
And forgive me, if I
mentioned this once before,
but on 35th birthday, I
laid down to take a nap
and felt someone, invisible,
playing with my hand.
And I didn't think much
of it, because I'm not
afraid of that stuff.
And then, all of a sudden, all
the energy starts draining out.
It's going out my feet.
And I thought,
well, this is odd.
And then I collapsed
when I tried to stand up.
My muscles wouldn't work.
And I'd been completely drained.
I talked to my beings
about it later.
They said, well,
you didn't say, no.
>>PERRON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Which is a very
interesting thought, too.
There's no judgement in other
realms about these things.
If you don't wish for this
to happen, state clearly,
you may not have my energy.
And you can thwart
these kinds of things
if they were to occur.
But we just don't
understand the rules
of these interdimensional
games at all.
>>PERRON: We don't.
We don't.
And the dynamics, it's a
whole different process.
We can only see a fraction
of what there is that exists.
And as we go through
this paradigm shift that
is occurring now, worldwide,
a global wave of consciousness
raising, which is
occurring, which
you and I both get to be a
part of, which is so exciting.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: But part
of that process
is that people begin to
understand that they aren't
experiencing a new reality.
They're experiencing a new
awareness of the old reality.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
Exactly.
I just had to bring those
up, because they just haven't
left my mind since we last met.
Let's get on to "In a Flicker."
Now you had a little
bit of postpartum blues,
which you were going
through when I saw you last.
You had just finished
up the final volume.
You'd invested so much
of your energy and life
into those three books.
And now what?
So let's talk about how
"In a Flicker," came about.
>>PERRON: Well,
interestingly, there
were nothing but problems
with the third book.
I thought it would
be the easiest.
And it was the most
difficult. And I had already
handed all my materials in to
my publisher in April or May
of 2014.
And I wanted the book out,
so that I could introduce it
at the Ocean State ParaCon in
my own hometown of Harrisville,
Rhode Island.
It wasn't ready.
It didn't come out until August
7th, 2014, 7 years to the day
that I began the project.
It was like the
universe was stalling
for time to make that happen.
And I was so elated.
In fact, I was on
the phone with George
when the email came through that
the book had just gone live.
>>REGINA: And this is George
Lopez, who is your co-author.
>>PERRON: Yes, he
was my co-author.
Yes.
And I said, wait
a minute, George.
I said, this date is
sticking in my head.
And I'm a hoarder of calendars.
I write everything on
my paper calendars.
And so I went into my trunk,
while I had him on the phone.
And I said, yep, there
it is, August 7th,
2007 is when I began writing.
And in the box, on the calendar,
it said, "and so it begins."
>>REGINA: Wow.
Yes.
So now here's George, again,
all these years later.
And how did "In a Flicker"
and this concept come up?
This is a challenging story.
>>PERRON: He was
concerned for me.
And he was
legitimately concerned.
We had done a ParaCon together.
And we had a long drive home.
And on the way home,
I confessed to him.
Phew.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I can
tell your eyes are
getting a little welled up.
>>PERRON: I told him I
was seeing myself dead.
I kept having visions
of my own demise.
And I said, this can't be.
I'm a young woman.
I have so much
more to contribute.
Why is this happening?
And I thought maybe I was born--
>>REGINA: To do this one thing?
>>PERRON: --to do this.
And now I'm done.
And where do I go from here?
So he talked me down off the
ledge, which he's famous for.
And then he went back on home
to his house, in Florida,
and dropped me, in Georgia,
where I was living at the time.
I've since moved to
Florida, as well.
And he called me late one night.
It was like 11:00
o'clock at night.
And we talked late, often.
He's a night owl like I am.
So that wasn't unusual.
But he called to
see how I was doing.
He was picking up--
he's very sensitive.
He has great gifts himself.
And he just was picking
up on an energy that was
making him a little nervous.
And he called me.
And he said, how are you doing?
And I said, oh, about the same.
And he said, well, let
me tell you a story.
And for the next
two hours, George
gave me incredible
details of the story
that he had had in his
mind, as if it was literally
planted overnight in a dream,
complete in its entirety.
And he had sat on it for
25 years, just left it
in a compartment in the
back of his consciousness.
And he gave me every detail
of this story from start
to finish.
It took more than two hours.
And at the end of it, the
tears are pouring down my face.
It's tough.
I mean, it's--
>>REGINA: It's a
very tough story.
>>PERRON: --not for
the faint of heart.
>>REGINA: No.
>>PERRON: It's not for
the weak of stomach.
>>REGINA: No.
>>PERRON: But I said, how
did you come up with this?
Oh, my god.
And he said, it was given
to me as a gift, in total.
And I never did
anything with it.
I said, George--
>>REGINA: What did he mean,
it was given to him as a gift?
>>PERRON: He woke up one
morning, and it was there.
It was just there.
And it wasn't when
he went to bed.
And so he said, I never
did anything with it.
I'm not a writer.
I said, well, I am.
And now I know what
my next job is.
And we spent 18
months turning what
was just a raw,
draft idea, elongated
and complicated and
dense and intense,
into what has turned into
a novel that, worldwide,
is garnering acclaim and getting
nothing but five-star reviews.
I'm so proud.
I'm so proud of him.
Because this was a huge leap
of faith for him to take.
>>REGINA: Huge.
I mean it's challenging.
First of all, give us a little
bit about George's background.
He has an interesting
background.
>>PERRON: George has a very
interesting background.
And he began, as a young
man, going into the military
and was sucked into
military intelligence.
Because he's so intelligent,
once they tested him,
they said, OK,
you're going into--
he was a translator.
He learned Russian,
fluently, in one year.
And he was a translator.
And he was one of
the individuals
who helped break codes
and end the Cold War--
a really remarkable background.
He is a genius.
He's a brilliant, brilliant man.
>>REGINA: He has a passion
for history, as well?
>>PERRON: He does.
He does.
Because while he was in
Europe, he was in Germany,
for several years, and
toured all over Europe
and got to go into some of the
most spectacular venues that
exist on the planet.
He picked up lots and
lots of different energy.
He wasn't even into
the paranormal then.
He was just picking
up on the energy
and the history of the people
that had lived and died
in these places.
When he talks about going into
the German concentration camps,
I can't even
discuss it with him.
Because the empath in
me just breaks down.
So he shared his whole,
entire history with me.
He is an individual
that is so multifaceted,
has so many different
talents and abilities.
He started his own radio
broadcasting network
about nine years ago.
He just left it behind.
It was "Dead Air
Paranormal Radio."
All the archives
are still there.
I did my show with him,
"A World Awakening,"
for two and a half years.
And people can find
incredible broadcasts
that we did with some of
the upper echelon of people
in the paranormal, under
every spoke of the umbrella.
It was a great venture that
we loved doing together.
But he's now moving on
into experimentations
in consciousness.
And I'm doing the same thing.
His are focused in
the spiritual realm.
And mine are focused in UFOlogy.
>>REGINA: Yes.
We're going to touch on that
at the end of this show.
Because I think we
probably have to have you
back for that story,
because it's mounting.
And it's interesting,
because, in his background,
in intelligence, I happened
to be randomly speaking
to someone, about a month
ago, in a conversation.
He said, well, I was formerly
with military intelligence.
And he was talking about
how, now, the way the NSA
gathers information,
where it's all
just virtual, just crunching
massive amounts of data.
They have stopped engaging the
intuitive process, the aspect
of intelligence gathering.
It used to be boots
on the ground, where
someone, like George, would
put pieces of the story
and evidence together.
And then they create a
trail, which you would
have to do in code breaking.
It's not just mechanical.
So he clearly was well-suited,
on an intuitive level,
as well as an intelligence
level, for his past
and for creating this book.
So "In a Flicker,"
we're going to start
at the beginning of the book.
And I'm going to ask you
something about the dedication.
Because when we get into
the foundation of the story,
it's about trying to maintain
timelines of history.
And it gets entangled
with the story
of Jack the Ripper, right?
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: So people kind of
know how that story goes a bit.
So it says it's dedicated
to the women of history,
who make history.
And I thought, what?
I didn't understand
exactly what that meant.
Because the women were
victims in this case.
What does that mean?
What was I not hearing in this?
>>PERRON: Well, all these years
later, it's not 1888 anymore.
It's 2016.
And when people think of the
story of Jack the Ripper,
he gets all the attention.
But ask anybody on
the street if they
know the names of his victims.
And they don't.
And they were the ones that
paid, with their lives,
for his fame and infamy.
And so I tell people, when
they get to the end of the,
book go back and
reread the dedication.
And you will have an entirely
different perspective on it
and a reflection upon what
these women's lives were like
and what they endured
and how they died.
This story is
gruesome and beautiful
and exotic and
erotic and horrific.
The worst of it comes directly
from the annals of history.
And yet, there are
many elements of it.
It's an interesting amalgamation
of fact and fiction.
>>REGINA: Oh, it's
interesting, yes.
>>PERRON: Yes, it's a history.
It's a murder mystery.
But it's also historical
and absolutely accurate
in terms of that.
But this story
involves the pyramids.
It involves CERN in Switzerland.
It involves time travel.
It involves every-- anybody that
reads this book will experience
every single human emotion
possible by the time they
leave its pages.
And I tell folks, all the
time, I dare you to jump,
just leap into the deep
end of the human psyche.
And when you come up at the
end of it, gasping for air,
you won't be the same
person who went in.
And that's why I had
to be a part of this.
Because, when he told me the
story initially, I thought,
well, this is just as gruesome
and horrible as it gets.
It makes "House of
Darkness, House of Light,"
look like a fairy tale.
And I didn't know if I even
wanted to be involved at first.
I had to think about it.
I wanted to help him.
I wanted to see it go
out into the world,
because of its ability to
expand human consciousness,
because of its ability
to force people to look
at man's inhumanity to woman.
>>REGINA: Boy, and it does it.
>>PERRON: It does.
>>REGINA: This is--
this is actually--
I'm-- it's-- really--
>>PERRON: I see the pain in
your eyes just talking about it.
>>REGINA: Well,
yeah, it's painful.
But it's also been occurring
to me, more and more,
as the time has gone
on, and certainly
in the last couple of years--
and I'm not-- I'm not
into this from any kind
of feminist point of view.
It's simply a reality--
and this book brings
it up to the max--
that the patriarchy
has run its course.
It has done a horrid
disservice to this planet.
There is nothing
that is occurring
on this planet, of a
dysfunctional and destructive
nature, that did not
come from the patriarchy.
>>PERRON: That's right.
>>REGINA: And so this
is almost like, if you
want to put the final nail
in the lid of that coffin,
this should do it.
And now we have to turn
the boat around, all of us.
>>PERRON: This is the rise of
the new sacred feminine energy.
It's not new.
It's ancient.
You're a part of it.
And I'm a part of it.
And I knew, as much as I
was willing to edit his work
or be involved on that
level, within 24 hours,
I knew I had to help
him co-write this book,
that I had to bring the
feminine perspective to it.
And we fought like--
cats and dogs had nothing on us.
I mean there are edges in
this that are so sharp,
it feels like they
cut your throat open.
And I thought, oh,
I'll just buff them,
and I'll soften
them a little bit.
And maybe-- no, no, no.
I won a few arguments.
>>REGINA: But mostly, he won.
>>PERRON: But mostly, he won.
But he needed to.
And he was right.
Because it has to shock you.
It has to open your third eye.
It has to make you explore
your own human emotions.
There are some people
that have read this book
and have literally
said, what you've
written here is
raising the dead,
is breathing new life
into these women.
They're no longer victims.
They are now the victors.
Because you gave them the power
to make their own presence
known in the world again.
They were forgotten in
the annals of history.
Except for the few real
aficionados, of the Jack the
Ripper horrific history,
they were lost to history.
And now they're not, anymore.
>>REGINA: No.
And the truth is,
sadly, these conditions
exist around the world in
some places that are, perhaps,
more socially less developed.
They happen all the time.
And these women's names,
they're never heard of, ever,
millions and millions--
>>PERRON: Millions and millions.
>>REGINA: --of women.
>>PERRON: And it's
about to come to an end.
This is evil's last
stand on this planet.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>PERRON: Think about the
women that have been abducted
and the girls abducted and used
as sex slaves by Boko Haram,
by ISIL, by on and on and on.
This is it.
I hope they all get it
out of their system now,
because this is it.
The paradigm shift--
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm feeling.
>>PERRON: --is under way now.
>>REGINA: I agree.
I'm feeling the same thing.
And it's like we
have to, maybe, just
stand in that last bit
of darkness to say,
this is unacceptable, as
a species, from this point
forward.
>>PERRON: Because, from
the depths of the darkness
emerges the light, and the
enlightenment for humanity.
And that's why I had to
be part of "In a Flicker."
>>REGINA: Let's get into
the story a little bit.
And we're not going
to give too much away,
because this story builds, so
you can't tell the whole plot.
And we wouldn't
have time, anyway.
But it starts with the
Princess Di accident scene.
Why?
>>PERRON: Well, because the
scientists, the professors,
the people who are working
on recreating history,
so that they can accurately
retell it, are going,
case-by-case, through
history, according
to which professors want to
be part of the consortium
and want to be part of what's
going on in the valley.
It's all set at
Oxford University,
in England, until we
get into the Switzerland
end of things with CERN.
And it's about
maintaining the timeline
but also ascertaining the
proper and accurate timeline.
Because you know and I know that
the vast majority of written
history is written
by the victors.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>PERRON: And so
it is really not
necessarily accurate
in the extreme.
And so these great thinkers,
who are focused on history,
want to recreate what they
can, so that they can determine
if it was indeed an accident.
If it wasn't, who was
the culprit and how?
And yet the opening
scenes of this book
will just grab you by the
heart if are old enough
to remember the day that she
died, that night that she died.
>>REGINA: And most people--
>>PERRON: It is a revisiting
of it to the n-th degree,
to the most minute detail.
And it drags you, kicking
and screaming, into the story
to the point where
you can't breathe.
I tell people all the
time, buy the soft-bound.
Because when you're ready to
throw this book against a wall,
you won't break the binding.
You can pick it up and
pick up where you left off.
And that's important,
too, because it's
something that doesn't allow
you to escape its pages.
You have to go through
to the end of it,
because it is such a really,
truly, compelling story.
But that's the reason
that it starts,
because that's how
it introduces--
>>REGINA: You were able
to draw in immediately.
>>PERRON: Right.
--how it introduces them to
this covert, secretive program
of historical exploration
that's going on at the time.
>>REGINA: So over this voice--
so we're seeing this scene,
right, this historical scene?
And then over the speakers comes
the voice, clear and reset.
Now, what does this mean?
Where does "clear
and reset" come in?
And what does that mean?
>>PERRON: Well,
what they were doing
is probability and statistics.
And all of it was being filtered
through a giant computer
brain that was saying, OK,
this has happened, now,
this exact way four times
or five times or six times.
So now we know this is, based
on probability and statistics,
this is most likely why she
died and how it happened.
At the beginning, the question
is, was the driver impaired?
Did he side-swipe
that little car?
Did he lose control
of the vehicle?
Was there a mechanical issue?
Was it the paparazzi?
Was it death by paparazzi?
>>REGINA: And let's talk about
the book's findings on it,
where the book came with it.
Or should we not
talk about that?
>>PERRON: Well, I think we'll
leave that to the reader
to determine for themselves.
>>REGINA: We'll just leave it.
So now we get to the FTC,
which is not the Federal Trade
Commission, it is the
Flicker Trial Consortium.
Let's talk about what that group
is and what their charge is.
>>PERRON: Their charge is all
about CERN and what's going on.
There's so many
conspiracy theories
about CERN and
accidents are happening,
things are happening.
Well, this book is set in
2020 and deliberately so,
as in 20/20 hindsight.
But it's really about a project
that comes to them quite
by accident.
And there are no accidents.
And something occurs,
at the facility,
at CERN, that opens a window,
opens a door to the past.
And Professor Ethan LaPierre
feels absolutely compelled,
wanting to know, who
was Jack the Ripper?
Why was he never
identified in history?
Why were there 30-plus
suspects, more suspects
than there were victims?
And yet no one was
charged with the crime.
And why?
This book offers a plausible
explanation for why.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now the CERN piece of
it I find interesting.
I did an interview,
recently, with someone
that was talking about parallel
timelines, where CERN had been
brought up,
repeatedly, as having
some function that seems to be
able to bend time and space.
>>PERRON: Well, they're
looking for the god particle.
>>REGINA: They are.
>>PERRON: They're
looking-- they're looking
for everything simultaneously.
>>REGINA: But they don't
know what they're doing.
They don't know what
they're opening up.
>>PERRON: Well, I wouldn't say--
I would hesitate
to say that they
don't know what they're doing.
>>REGINA: You think they do?
>>PERRON: The greatest
minds on the planet
are all working, in
unison, in one facility,
on a multitude of projects.
And so, I know it's--
>>REGINA: Yeah, but if
they're looking for something
called the "god
particle," they're
already looking in
the wrong place.
They're not going to find
it in physical reality
even down to boson level, right?
>>PERRON: Well, we've already
explored the quark theorem.
We've already explored the--
quantum mechanics,
quantum physics
is making leaps
and bounds daily--
not weekly, not monthly,
not yearly, daily.
And so what they're doing
is they're trying to create,
set up a machination,
as it were,
to recreate the exact formula
to explore and open new doors
to multiple dimensions.
And it's very dangerous,
what they're doing.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>PERRON: Because they
are dabbling in things
that humanity, to
our knowledge, based
on our own recorded history,
has never dabbled in before.
>>REGINA: They don't know
the implications of it.
>>PERRON: They don't necessarily
know the implications of it,
which is actually, as
far as I am concerned,
one of the most frightful
elements of this book.
>>REGINA: I agree with that.
And also, because
it's a discipline--
it's the discipline
of science, you
could even say scientific
materialism in the mindset,
right?
>>PERRON: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: They're not bringing
the ancient understandings
of the realms and what exists
in these other dimensions
and realms.
They're not bringing that
into part of the conversation
that I'm aware of.
>>PERRON: No.
>>REGINA: So they
don't know what
they're conjuring, literally.
>>PERRON: Exactly,
perfect word choice.
One of the things that
George and I do together
is we lecture at different
venues around the country.
And our lecture is
called, "The merging
of Science and Spirituality."
And both of us believe,
firmly, that it
will, as Nikola Tesla said,
be the merging of these two
distinct disciplines that
will begin to really answer
questions for us.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
You have to use both.
And we are attempting.
So many of us are attempting
to do that one day at a time.
One interview, in my
case, at the time.
So now a portal is open.
Now we want to get into--
there's vetting for these events
and re-enactments going on.
Let's talk about how
this story sets up
in terms of the academic
rigor, which goes awry.
>>PERRON: Well, the academic
rigor, as far as everyone
involved with the FTC, is
of penultimate importance,
because they want to make
sure that any candidate that
might step through this portal
is absolutely, completely
prepared not to
disrupt the timeline
in any conceivable way.
And so therein lies the
human element of it.
Because, basically, what they're
asking these scientists to do
is to suspend
their own humanity,
their own emotional makeup.
They're asking them to, for
all intents and purposes,
observe, as a machine
would, as a computer would.
>>REGINA: Like CERN.
>>PERRON: And of
course, because they
are humans, that backfires.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So there were some
trials before this.
Now they've chosen
some candidates
that can be worked with.
Ethan LaPierre, right?
>>PERRON: Yes.
Ethan LaPierre being our primary
protagonist in the story,
I guess.
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And they choose
him, in particular, because--
well, let's go back
to the three incidents
before, because I
think the Cox paradox
and such really sets this up.
So let's go to the first trial.
They've done these trials
with this portal before.
The first trial was Van Ruden
accidentally killed a man.
This was during World War II?
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: A Japanese
man, dragged him
back into his timeline, right?
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And had to somehow get
him back into his own timeline.
I mean this was, yeah,
a difficult affair.
>>PERRON: And then the
Cox paradox, of course--
>>REGINA: That was
the next person.
>>PERRON: --was the
most fascinating for me
to work with.
Because here was a man, who--
I don't want to give
too much of it away.
I think it's one of the
most compelling parts
of the whole story.
>>REGINA: Yes, I agree.
>>PERRON: But he had a
crisis of conscience.
And so every time one
of these incidents
occurred, the precursors
to Ethan's jump,
they learned more
and more and more
about the flaws
and the frailties
of human consciousness.
>>REGINA: And the human
interface with the technology.
>>PERRON: Yes.
And thought that they had
covered all of their bases.
And even Ethan said,
before he made his move,
there's always something
that got missed.
>>REGINA: So Ethan,
he is an introvert.
>>PERRON: An introvert,
a pragmatist,
a brilliant, brilliant man.
>>REGINA: Braniac doesn't
have much of a social life.
>>PERRON: No.
>>REGINA: Doesn't have
much of an intimate life.
I mean just setting him up
as an ideal candidate because
of this thing that had
been learned about fear
and about trepidation.
That can set someone up
as an ideal candidate.
It can.
We won't go into any
further than that.
So they thought, well, this
is a Walter Mitty kind of guy.
He might be ideal to go in and
start researching and observing
what happened,
back in the times,
in the life of Jack the Ripper.
So let's pick it up from there.
>>PERRON: Well, he encounters--
not only is he
fascinated, absolutely
fascinated with the history and
the mystery of stepping back
into East End,
London, 1888, his mind
is blown wide open
the moment that he
steps through the portal.
And just the smell of the
city brings him to his knees.
It causes him to
retch uncontrollably.
He has literally moved
from one environment, where
the air was pure and clean--
>>REGINA: Clinical.
>>PERRON: Clinical, literally.
--into the stench
and the squalor of--
>>REGINA: Can't fathom.
>>PERRON: --East
End, London, 1888.
And then he begins to encounter
a whole series of characters.
And he's supposed
to be functioning
as a background character,
kind of lost in the mix.
>>REGINA: He called the scope--
kind of the scope--
>>PERRON: There is an observer,
as in microscope or telescope,
looking at some distance.
And finds himself being
drawn in and almost
interacting in comical ways
with some of the characters
that he encounters.
And then everything changes.
>>REGINA: Well he
starts encountering
the players in the
story, right, Maggie,
a pseudonym, prostitute?
>>PERRON: Yeah.
And if I give you any more
than that, at this point,
it might spoil the
read for someone.
But I will tell our
listeners, today,
just when they're
certain they've
got this figured out, they get
hit upside the head with a two
by four.
And that happens over
and over and over again.
>>REGINA: Well, and I think
it's important to mention,
because I don't think it really
gives the story away, too much,
personally.
I mean there's so
much more in it.
As I said in the
open, Ethan LaPierre
becomes more than entangled,
completely entangled
into this timeline
and story and starts
making decisions and taking
matters into his own hands.
He's supposed to be
an observer only.
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: That's not
how it turns out.
And it turns out all of
those hidden desires,
within his own Walter Mitty
like character, start surfacing.
And the dark side of humanity
starts showing its face
through him, all this
that's suppressed,
that is suppressed in millions
of people walking around.
And the really
interesting question
is, what is it in a person that
is trying to find its way out
that could even end up--
and granted, this is fiction.
>>PERRON: But it's not, really.
>>REGINA: Not really.
We just talked
earlier about crimes
against humanity
and, particularly,
against the women of the planet
throughout history, certainly,
in the last several
thousand years,
anyway, a few
thousand to be sure.
>>PERRON: If we
are a human being,
then we are comprised of a very
complicated mix of emotion.
We are comprised of a very
complicated mix of intentions.
And depending on
all the variables,
how we were raised,
who we've encountered,
I think that it is fair to
say that any one of us--
I mean, you and I are
considered practically
walking light beings
on this planet.
And yet I know--
I know-- that should someone
hurt one of my loved ones,
I'm capable of murder.
Absolutely, no
question in my mind,
and would feel absolutely
validated and vindicated
in wiping the pestilence
from the planet.
Now, that's not very
enlightened, as it were.
>>REGINA: It is also part
of the human survival.
>>PERRON: It's part of
the human condition.
>>REGINA: It's a conditioning
and survival mechanism.
And we do understand that,
that protective aspect
of being an animal as well
as a being, the human being,
which is a very complex matrix.
What I found interesting
in this story
is that, in Ethan's
being drawn into this--
and he had studied
it quite a bit,
so he knew what the
story was about.
He already knew who
the players were.
He'd studied it, historically.
While the project was so
committed to nonintervention,
and he became
involved, what was it
that it would defy his
own morality in this?
>>PERRON: His imperative
to maintain the timeline
at all cost.
>>REGINA: But in
becoming engaged in it,
he wasn't maintaining it.
He was interfering with it.
>>PERRON: He was
interfering with it.
He was interfering
with it by necessity.
>>REGINA: This is
interesting if you just look
from more of a shadowy
military point of view,
potentially playing
with teleportation.
It's been said this has
been done for a while.
Playing with timelines,
all these things
we're talking about.
The elite, as
shadowy agencies, are
fully aware of all of our
capabilities in these areas.
And I can't help but
think, especially
with George having had an
intelligence background
and military, himself, that
some of this isn't actually--
these are philosophical dilemmas
that are actually occurring
within these agencies.
>>PERRON: Well, interesting
that you should go there.
I personally think
that we know about 1%
of what's actually going on.
The last thing that
President Eisenhower
said before he left
office was beware
the military industrial
establishment.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>PERRON: I think that the
human race has made advancements
far beyond our ability to
even imagine what's going on.
And this is part of what
I study UFOlogy, as well,
and some of my own
intuitive abilities.
I feel quite certain that
there are scientific hypotheses
and theorems that are already
not only beyond the testing
phase but in use right now.
>>REGINA: I believe
so, as well, and I
have spoken with some people in
interviews about these things.
Of course, it's
always speculation,
because no one involved is ever
going to step up and say, yeah,
we've been doing that.
So it still remains speculative.
But it remains likely
in my mind, likely.
And looking at this
cajoling, of his own
rationalizing to himself that
he can do what he ends up doing,
as a result of staying
true to the timeline.
And this directive from
authority, so to speak,
reminds me-- when
I was reading, it
reminded me of an
experience I had years ago,
where a friend talked
me into going to this.
Oh, you're going to love it.
It's so profound.
And yeah, I'm really easy going.
I didn't even ask much about it.
She just said, it's
starting tomorrow night.
I've already told
them that it would
be great to have you there.
And OK.
Well, I didn't know it
was an EST kind of thing.
But it was different.
It was tailored to this
one man's belief of how
you effect change in a person.
So it was a group of 17 people.
And I only bring it up.
It ended up being
something like eight days.
And it was truly profound,
because you could see
how humanity is manipulated.
And in this particular exercise,
toward the end of the eight
days, very smooth, the leader
of this group is saying,
now, I hate this exercise.
But we need to do this.
It's really important that
you follow these instructions
and blah, blah, blah.
So he puts on a soundtrack
that is incredibly violent.
And it has soundtracks
from radio clips
from all the assassinations
of the '60s and other things
and very discordant
music on top.
So it was disturbing.
And he said, I want
you to choose a partner
and stand across
from one another.
And when the time comes, I
want you to raise your hand.
And when the time comes,
I'm going to count.
And when I do, you're to
strike the other person
in front of you.
And he says this, right?
And I tend not to be
very easily programmed.
If it's not in alignment
with my conscience,
I don't care what it is.
I've never actually been
cajoled into doing anything.
And so, in that case, I
did not raise my hand.
But shockingly, I
was the only person
in the room that
didn't raise my hand.
And the woman across
from me was sobbing,
because this man is
telling her to strike
me, who's done nothing to her.
And she is compelled
to follow orders.
>>PERRON: Yes, human condition.
>>REGINA: Human conditioning.
And she has her hand up.
And she's larger than I am.
And she's ready to do it.
And then boom, he stops the
music and stops everything.
And he says, now
you understand how
people are cajoled into doing
every atrocity in history.
It's this simple.
Just like the
character in your book,
trying to follow these orders.
Getting all screwed
up within them,
but trying to follow
these orders out, right?
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so I did.
I really reflected back on that.
And I thought, we are so easy,
as a species, to manipulate.
>>PERRON: Incredibly gullible.
Incredibly.
>>REGINA: Incredibly gullible.
>>PERRON: Easily manipulated.
>>REGINA: Perceptions
of authority.
>>PERRON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Now, this is
hard, because so much of it
does go into the plot, and I
don't want to give it away.
But one thing, here,
that's very interesting
about the whole Ripper
case, in general.
And this is really more
kind of brain chemistry.
The centers in the brain,
in the limbic system, that
have to do with violence
sit very closely,
with the centers that
have to do with sexuality.
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And that is
why, in times of stress,
in times of war, rape and
such become, historically,
a big part of the agenda,
because those parts
of the brain centers
are firing together.
It's not about sex even.
>>PERRON: No, it's not.
It's about power--
>>REGINA: It's about power.
>>PERRON: --and control.
>>REGINA: Power and control
and basic survival within that.
>>PERRON: And dehumanizing
and victimizing
those that you
intend to control.
And that's one of the things.
I know you have used the f-word,
feminist, a little while ago.
I make no bones about it.
I'm out all over the
world as what would be
considered a radical feminist.
And I get called that, because
I have radical ideas, like women
should be paid equal
for their work.
>>REGINA: How novel.
>>PERRON: Yeah, a novel idea.
There should be equivalency in
all elements of all society,
that women should
not be, in any way,
relegated or subjugated
beneath any male that
walks this planet.
I am a voice for the voiceless.
I am the defender
of the defenseless.
I am just rabid.
I mean people think
she's so sweet.
Oh, they've never seen me angry.
>>REGINA: I wouldn't want
to be on that side of you.
>>PERRON: They never have
seen me watch a news report
about some little girl that's
been abducted and dismembered.
And I lose it.
When I'm done screaming, I cry.
Because I feel it, too.
I have this innate ability
to feel the pain of humanity.
And there are times that
I simply have to block it,
because it's so
overwhelming to me.
So you can imagine,
on the final read
through of this book, when
George and I were sitting
in the same room, together,
reading it, word for word,
line for line, after 18 months
of working in this manuscript,
I would still get to places in
this book where I was sobbing.
And he would have to
pick up where I left off.
Because I couldn't talk anymore.
>>REGINA: Well I
understand that.
And as kind of a larger
view coming out of this
and talking about the
notion, what we need to have
is basic human rights now,
human rights, for all humans.
>>PERRON: Women's
rights are human rights.
>>REGINA: They're human rights.
The patriarchy-- I had
this debate with a man.
Kind of loosely speaking, he was
Christian but not practicing.
I said, do you find
that there was anything
that the patriarchy really
served this planet, I mean,
looking at it?
Because I'm always
looking for large themes.
Even if it doesn't look like
it serves, sometimes it does.
He said, I think it served
creating a linear context
for reintroducing technology
and such back into humanity.
He said, I think
it served for that.
And I think, and all other
levels, it did not serve.
It denigrated.
>>PERRON: I don't even
think it served for that.
I mean when you denigrate
and you take the greatest
female minds that
ever lived, and then
take their work and claim--
>>REGINA: Einstein's wife.
>>PERRON: --it as your own.
>>REGINA: Einstein's wife?
>>PERRON: I know.
I mean how few
women inventors, how
few women scientists ever got
the credit that they deserved.
They were usurped
by some man that
was working beside them or
even beneath them, who claimed
their work as their own.
>>REGINA: It usually happens.
>>PERRON: I can't agree with--
>>REGINA: I'm just
bringing it up.
This is what this one guy said.
That's the only thing
he could find, as a man,
that this period may
have served at all
because of the destruction.
And in the book, it refers to
god as voyeur and controller,
master of time and space.
Well, that is an
extraordinarily patriarchal view
of what a godhead could be.
And that justified the
science and the behaviors.
>>PERRON: And it came
from the psyche of a man.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: And that's part
of the expose of this story.
It's just you picked up on
one sentence that literally
changes the human mind.
When you look at it that
way, and you realize
the ramifications of that line.
>>REGINA: Old Testament,
I'll tell you.
>>PERRON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: No, no, let's
not get going on it,
because we've only
got nine minutes left.
>>PERRON: OK.
>>REGINA: We could get going.
I mean time, itself, and
predestiny, quantum jumping,
what are the rules?
I mean we have a lot more
questions here, that I'm not
going to go into, actually.
Because each one of them
is a story in itself
and too long to answer.
I hope that we've gotten
enough of the idea across.
We're talking about timelines.
We're talking about science.
We're talking about
patriarchy, interference,
subjugation of
women, all of that
is in this unique story, this
powerful story of going back
in time.
And I have to say, when it
came to the actual scenes,
I couldn't read, because
I'm way too sensitive.
And I know you are.
>>PERRON: My mother
couldn't make it through it.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
No, and I couldn't, either.
So that's why we're saying,
it's not for the faint-hearted.
But there's something to
really examine in this.
This hits the total
depth of the darkness
of the human character
that is now trying
to find its way into healing.
And that's our job is to
work toward the healing.
>>PERRON: And its
ultimate purpose
is to blow the human
mind wide open,
to expand human consciousness.
>>REGINA: And say this
is not on the table
any longer, not anywhere,
anytime in the world,
any longer.
You did your job on that, honey.
>>PERRON: Thank you.
And George, too.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
George, too, both of you.
>>PERRON: He's a
very enlightened man.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
And this was a brave thing
to do, a scary thing to do.
So we'll just say,
that's "In a Flicker."
And now, what I want to do
is move on to something else
and just talk about it a
little bit, just introduce it.
Because you're probably
going to come back.
When we spoke in our
last conversation,
you said that the incidences of
your own contact and witnessing
of UFOs, et cetera, was
starting to increase.
Now this was happening
with you as a child, which
is, to me, inextricably
intertwined with the events
in your home as a child.
>>PERRON: Integration
and correlation.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And so, now, all these
years later, this
is starting to
pick up, big time.
I mean, major, major
steam in your life
are these experiences.
And I would like you--
we only have a few minutes
left-- to just give us
a little idea of
what's going on,
where you think it's coming
from, and what it's there for?
>>PERRON: Do you see the
light dancing in my eyes--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: --that we're even
talking about this right now?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>PERRON: I love,
love what I do.
I don't work at all.
Because I love what I do.
And what I do predominantly
is in the realm of UFOlogy,
is in the realm of research,
but predominantly experience.
For the last five years--
I've had many experiences
over the course of my life,
too many to count,
too many to chronicle,
since I was 13 years old.
And I kept it, generally,
pretty quiet and to myself.
Even my family was reticent
about me talking about it,
because they wanted to
keep me compartmentalized
with ghosts and spirits.
They thought I would be taken
more seriously if I stayed--
>>REGINA: If you didn't
open the other can of worms.
>>PERRON: Exactly.
And I was like,
but, my darlings,
everything is one thing.
And existence is energy is life.
And everything correlates
with everything else.
And these experiences
were actually
the most profound of my life.
And it would be doing a
disservice to humanity,
now that I have a forum, not to
share what I have been through.
And I don't want, for
a moment, to anybody
think that phrasing it
that way meant that it
was any kind of an ordeal.
Because I higher-love them.
I adore them.
The galactic family is
all around this planet.
They have been
here for millennia.
They love us.
And my job, on this
planet, is not only
to dispel fear about the
other multi-dimensional realms
in which we co-exist
simultaneously,
but also to dispel
the fear about those
who have come, on our behalf, to
make sure that we don't destroy
ourselves.
And I've written,
recently, a thesis
that I published
for free, basically,
the chicken and the egg.
And one night, I was
getting a tap-tap-tap
on my metaphorical door.
Get up.
And I went outside.
It was about 2:00, 3
o'clock in the morning.
And I just said, what?
What?
What do you want?
You woke me up.
And all of a sudden, I just
had a flash of an incident,
where my mother was showing
us, her children, that we could
quietly observe the
baby chicks pecking
their way through
the egg, but made
sure to tell us that we
were not to touch the eggs.
Because if we did,
the chicks would die.
And so I went back
into the house,
and I wrote my thesis
about why I now
understand that they are
not intervening actively
on our behalf, because we,
humanity, are in an enclosed
environment, that we perceive
to be a three dimensional, five
sensory realm.
And we are slowly but
surely pecking our way out
of that egg.
And they can't interfere
with that process,
or we won't survive it.
And the exact amount of
energy that it requires
for the chicken to peck
its way out of the egg
is equivalent to
the amount of energy
that they build to sustain
their lives beyond it.
>>REGINA: How beautifully
stated is that?
My god.
So the beings and the type
of contact you have clearly
is very loving and friendly.
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And very encouraging.
>>PERRON: Oh, much.
>>REGINA: And you're
having a lot of it.
And I assume,
you're being exposed
to a lot of different messages.
>>PERRON: Yes.
From multiple races.
>>REGINA: From multiple races.
Do they ever comment
on the forces
that do exploit and attempt
to control on this planet?
>>PERRON: They don't judge
in the way that we do.
>>REGINA: That's true.
>>PERRON: If everything
is one thing,
then the darkness
is what illuminates,
that gives the opportunity--
>>REGINA: The contrast
for the light.
>>PERRON: --for the light.
And they don't judge
in the way that we do.
>>REGINA: No, I know that.
>>PERRON: They observe
more than anything.
And they understand that we are
an incredibly self-destructive
race, that we rising
out of that now.
And that there are
those, on the planet,
among us, yourself, myself,
and myriad other people,
who are saying the
same thing that's
been said for
millennia by teachers
that have come and gone.
But people are listening
in a different way now.
The message is resonating in
ways that it hasn't before.
And one of my theories, and
the things that I work on most,
is my absolute knowledge
that thoughts are things.
And that we can literally
heal this planet
and ourselves with our
own thought process.
Everything comes from
within and so without.
And I truly believe that
there is a creative source,
that there is a prime creator.
And interestingly, a number
of the different races
that routinely visit this planet
believe the same thing, where
many are humanoid.
So they have grappled with the
same questions of existence
that we have.
And they're called
the light beings
in the spiritual community.
There's a whole new
vernacular for this.
I tend not to label anything,
because, if everything
is one thing, then,
really, what we're doing
is we're exploring the
incredible equation
of existence.
I personally believe
that everything
that we perceive to be magical--
and I love that word.
I use it all the time--
but it's just science
we don't understand yet.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>PERRON: My research is
basically experiential.
I invite it.
I go out.
I sing to them.
It's all consciousness-based.
And I sing to them.
And I talk to them aloud.
My father has had
many experiences.
Everyone in my family has.
Some won't talk about it.
My father is very open about it.
My mother is very open about it.
In fact, I was visiting
her a few weeks ago.
And I said, mom, oh, there's
a great vessel out here.
Come on.
She's like, oh,
honey, you go ahead.
>>REGINA: Been there.
I'm finishing making a cake.
>>PERRON: Let me finish my
coffee, then I'll come out.
If they're still there, yay.
I guess we're paranormal
in that respect.
But a lot of people are.
There are those that
see multi-dimensionally,
extra-dimensionally,
on the planet.
I think we're
most-likely hybrid DNA,
blue-eyed, green-eyed
people, Rh negative.
I think that the
science is coming around
to validate some of that.
But really, my job
on the planet is
to raise the vibration
of the planet,
to heighten the
frequency, to bring people
into the notion and
the understanding
that there is a logical
way that we can literally
change the world through
our own thought process.
And it's very specific.
And when we are bombarded
with negative energy
and negative stimuli, clear
that out of your mind.
>>REGINA: No kidding.
>>PERRON: You can
have the choice.
You make the choice
every moment of your life
how you are going
to live your life.
And if you clear
that, and you create
a void and a vacancy in your
consciousness, you must,
absolutely must,
immediately fill that void
or whatever it was that was
negative, that you expelled,
will slowly and insidiously
refill that void.
You have to fill
the void, yourself.
>>REGINA: By choice.
>>PERRON: By choice.
>>REGINA: I agree with you.
>>PERRON: And that's
why I say, I have seen
the dark side of existence.
I deliberately choose
to live in the light.
>>REGINA: On that, OK.
Next time, we're going to
talk about the beings you're
experiencing and the messages.
Thank you so much, Andrea.
I know this was a difficult
book for both of us
and for probably
the same reasons.
But it does point out the things
that need healing, very much.
Thank you so much, Andrea.
>>PERRON: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Until next time.
>>PERRON: Until next time.
>>REGINA: Again, the name of
the book is "In a Flicker,"
which can be found
in major booksellers.
Meanwhile, to see my previous
interviews with Andrea,
go to the Open Minds
archives at Gaia.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]